README.md, before:

# PiperLang
PiperLang is a compact and efficient PHP framework designed to provide localization capacities for your web application. With features supporting cookie and session-based language detection, dynamic pluralization, variable substitution in translations, and number, currency and date formatting in accordance with the set language.

## Key Classes and Methods
Key methods of `PiperLang` class include:

* `detectBrowserLanguage()` - Detects user's browser language.
* `detectUserLanguage()` - Detects the user's preferred language based on their session or cookie.
* `setLanguage(string $preferred_language = null)` - Sets the language based on the preference, otherwise fallback to default language.
* `translateWithPlural(string $key, int $count, array $variables = [])` : Translates the provided key considering the count for plural forms. Replaces variables in the translation string.
* `numberFormat(float $number)` - Formats a number according to the current language setting.
* `currencyFormat(float $amount, string $currency)` - Formats a currency amount according to the current language setting.
* `dateFormat(DateTime $date, string $format = 'long')` - Formats a date according to the current language setting.
* `getFormattingRules()` - Returns the formatting rules specific to the current language locale.

## Initializing
```$piperlang = new \PiperLang\PiperLang();```

## Configuration
You can change various settings in the `PiperLang` framework. Here's an example of how you can modify settings after the initializing:

| Setting | Method  | Description | Default |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Default Language | `$piperlang->default_language = 'es'` | Set the default language to Spanish. | 'en' |
| Supported Languages | `$piperlang->supported_languages = ['en', 'es', 'fr']` | Add languages that the application should support. | ['en'] |
| Locale Path | `$piperlang->locale_path = '/path_to_your_locales/'` | Specify the path to your localization files. | '/locales/' |
| Locale File Extension | `$piperlang->locale_file_extension = 'txt'` | Specify the extension of your localization files. | 'json' |
| Variable Pattern | `$piperlang->variable_pattern = '/<<(.*?)>>/'` | Alter the variable pattern to something other than the default. | '/{{(.*?)}}/' |
| Plural Rules | `$piperlang->plural_rules = ['es' => '_plural', 'fr' => '_pluriel']` | Define the plural rules for your supported languages. | [] |
| Session Key | `$piperlang->session_key = 'user_lang'` | Change the session key for storing user language preference. | 'lang' |
| Cookie Key | `$piperlang->cookie_key = 'user_lang'` | Alter the cookie key for storing user language preference. | 'site_language' |
| Session Management | `$piperlang->session_enabled = false` | Enable or disable session management. | true |

### Setting a Language Preference
```$piperlang->setLanguage("fr");```

It's important to note that the language chosen should be one amongst the supported languages. The default supported language is English ("en").

### Translating Text with Replacement and Plural Forms
```$translation = $piperlang->translateWithPlural("item_count", 5, ["items"=>"books"]);```

In the provided language files (example `en.json`):

    {"item_count_1": "{{count}} item", "item_count_other": "{{count}} items"}

The corresponding translation considering the plural forms will be used, here `count` in `item_count_other` will be replaced with the provided count.

### Formatting Date
```$date = new DateTime("2010-07-05T06:30:00"); $formattedDate = $piperlang->dateFormat($date, 'long');```

Remember to set the language before making a call to `dateFormat()`. The provided code will format the date into a 'long' style for the set language.

### Number Formatting 
```$formattedNumber = $piperlang->numberFormat(1234567.89);```

### Currency Formatting
```$formattedCurrency = $piperlang->currencyFormat(1234567.89, "USD");```

It's advisable to set the language before calling `numberFormat()` or `currencyFormat()` for the desired locale-dependent format.

### Getting Formatting Rules
```$formattingRules = $piperlang->getFormattingRules();```

This fetches currency, number formatting data, as well as other locale-specific information. 

With these examples and key points in mind, using the PiperLang framework should be straightforward. For deeper insights or trouble related to any point, feel free to raise a query.

Commit message:

Add php version info
Signed-off-by: Jacob Joergensen <96596794+JacobJoergensen@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# PiperLang
PiperLang is a compact and efficient PHP framework designed to provide localization capacities for your web application. With features supporting cookie and session-based language detection, dynamic pluralization, variable substitution in translations, and number, currency and date formatting in accordance with the set language.

> **Note:** We recommend using PHP 8.3 for optimal compatibility and performance with our framework, as it is being developed on this version of PHP.

## Key Classes and Methods
Key methods of `PiperLang` class include:

* `detectBrowserLanguage()` - Detects user's browser language.
* `detectUserLanguage()` - Detects the user's preferred language based on their session or cookie.
* `setLanguage(string $preferred_language = null)` - Sets the language based on the preference, otherwise fallback to default language.
* `translateWithPlural(string $key, int $count, array $variables = [])` : Translates the provided key considering the count for plural forms. Replaces variables in the translation string.
* `numberFormat(float $number)` - Formats a number according to the current language setting.
* `currencyFormat(float $amount, string $currency)` - Formats a currency amount according to the current language setting.
* `dateFormat(DateTime $date, string $format = 'long')` - Formats a date according to the current language setting.
* `getFormattingRules()` - Returns the formatting rules specific to the current language locale.

## Initializing
```$piperlang = new \PiperLang\PiperLang();```

## Configuration
You can change various settings in the `PiperLang` framework. Here's an example of how you can modify settings after the initializing:

| Setting | Method  | Description | Default |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Default Language | `$piperlang->default_language = 'es'` | Set the default language to Spanish. | 'en' |
| Supported Languages | `$piperlang->supported_languages = ['en', 'es', 'fr']` | Add languages that the application should support. | ['en'] |
| Locale Path | `$piperlang->locale_path = '/path_to_your_locales/'` | Specify the path to your localization files. | '/locales/' |
| Locale File Extension | `$piperlang->locale_file_extension = 'txt'` | Specify the extension of your localization files. | 'json' |
| Variable Pattern | `$piperlang->variable_pattern = '/<<(.*?)>>/'` | Alter the variable pattern to something other than the default. | '/{{(.*?)}}/' |
| Plural Rules | `$piperlang->plural_rules = ['es' => '_plural', 'fr' => '_pluriel']` | Define the plural rules for your supported languages. | [] |
| Session Key | `$piperlang->session_key = 'user_lang'` | Change the session key for storing user language preference. | 'lang' |
| Cookie Key | `$piperlang->cookie_key = 'user_lang'` | Alter the cookie key for storing user language preference. | 'site_language' |
| Session Management | `$piperlang->session_enabled = false` | Enable or disable session management. | true |

### Setting a Language Preference
```$piperlang->setLanguage("fr");```

It's important to note that the language chosen should be one amongst the supported languages. The default supported language is English ("en").

### Translating Text with Replacement and Plural Forms
```$translation = $piperlang->translateWithPlural("item_count", 5, ["items"=>"books"]);```

In the provided language files (example `en.json`):

    {"item_count_1": "{{count}} item", "item_count_other": "{{count}} items"}

The corresponding translation considering the plural forms will be used, here `count` in `item_count_other` will be replaced with the provided count.

### Formatting Date
```$date = new DateTime("2010-07-05T06:30:00"); $formattedDate = $piperlang->dateFormat($date, 'long');```

Remember to set the language before making a call to `dateFormat()`. The provided code will format the date into a 'long' style for the set language.

### Number Formatting 
```$formattedNumber = $piperlang->numberFormat(1234567.89);```

### Currency Formatting
```$formattedCurrency = $piperlang->currencyFormat(1234567.89, "USD");```

It's advisable to set the language before calling `numberFormat()` or `currencyFormat()` for the desired locale-dependent format.

### Getting Formatting Rules
```$formattingRules = $piperlang->getFormattingRules();```

This fetches currency, number formatting data, as well as other locale-specific information. 

With these examples and key points in mind, using the PiperLang framework should be straightforward. For deeper insights or trouble related to any point, feel free to raise a query.
